Any step that combines files together and Sprite is a
combination of images has to be reconsidered with HTTP/2.
Most of the time it will be a bad idea since it makes caching totally inefficient.
Minification is still a good idea since it
reduces the number of bytes that need to be transmitted.
So minifying javascript, CSS and Markup are correct.
Sharding is not a good idea as it makes the HTTP/2 header compressor
less efficient and causes new connections to be opened by the browser which is costly.
Using a CDN, just a single one,
outweighs the drawbacks of sharding as it brings your assets
geographically closer to your users and reduces the round trip time,
so this is also correct.
As you can see there are a number of things we need to do differently,
so make sure you understand the implications HTTP/2 brings to application development.